(Episode 16)
Oh, goodness.
- Hello. - Hello.
He didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable, but I insisted.
I thought it would be better for you two to get closer.
Aren't you going to give me some credit?
Oh, great job.
I got to come over thanks to Ji Won.
This is great.
- Me too. - I know it's inconvenient for you,
but I just decided to come.
No, it's inconvenient because my place isn't much.
It's better than his place.
I don't care if I live in a palace. It's still worse than his.
Oh, sure.
Had I known you were coming, I would've made some dinner.
No, it takes too long to cook, and delivery food tastes much better.
I'm the one who couldn't bring anything...
because I came in a hurry. I'm sorry.
No. Don't worry about it. I love your present.
I can't believe I lived to see a day like this.
I got a present from you.
Oh, this is...
You should give it to her.
No, you should.
She'll be much happier if she gets it from you.
A present is only meaningful if the receiver is happy.
What is this?
She needs to water it once a week, right?
Oh, yes.
Don't kill it.
Even if a war breaks out and I die, this won't die.
It'll live longer than pine trees.
Anthony, wait just a little. It'll bloom flowers very soon.
I'm pretty lucky, you know.
I'll give you all of my luck.
- You should keep it. - No.
I'll keep the tree and give you all the luck.
No, you can keep both.
You both can keep that luck.
- Or the three of us. - Okay.
Do you need anything else?
Is the food okay?
Is it too strong? Do you want some pepper powder?
Oh, do you take vinegar with your pickled radish?
Everything is great as long as you're happy.
Jin Jin.
What about me? Do you have any questions for me?
I do.
What is it?
Why do you keep wearing that color?
Why? Is it weird?
Yes, that color is definitely not for you.
And what did I tell you? What should men wear in fall?
- Burgundy? - Yes.
Colin Firth wears burgundy and so does Leonardo DiCaprio.
What about me?
The way you look in burgundy is...
the best in the universe.
There's nothing special.
There are a lot of plates, but nothing's worth eating.
What a waste of money. Look at all this.
It doesn't even taste good.
Food tastes best when eaten at home.
We should've stayed at home.
What are we doing all this for?
We barely found this place.
Nothing on this trip is to my liking.
Okay.
Where's the galbi? I'll go and check.
It tastes fine.
I thought you'd tasted something horrible.
You can't tell sweet from salty...
when I boil salt water to cook with.
What?
Why are you acting like a four-year-old?
Our son drove us all the way to Jeonju...
and looked up a restaurant.
He's doing his utmost best.
Do you think he enjoys travelling with his parents?
What upset you and made you take it out on him?
- You're worse than him. - I am not.
You're such a troublemaker.
I got to get some fresh air, away from the oil,
and I love eating food that someone else prepared.
What a nuisance.
It's my greatest treasure.
The photo we took when I debuted.
That's cute.
Right? Weren't you so cute?
No, you.
- I was cute. - She looked so childish.
How old was I here?
You were 22.
You topped the chart with Wild Rose.
And got the Golden Cup for being number one 5 weeks in a row.
Terius cried so much that day.
It was your birthday too.
It was that more special.
You left to go somewhere, didn't you?
(2001)
Anthony. Are you here?
- He isn't here. - He's not here.
- Anthony disappeared. - Why?
To get his girlfriend who broke up with him.
Right now? Before a live show?
Is he a lunatic?
Oh no. He must've lost his mind.
How could he disappear? Stop nudging me.
It was that day.
- Are you curious? - A bit.
Jin Jin, I want to ask you something too.
Okay.
- Can I use the bathroom? - Yes.
- It's over there. - Okay.
Wait.
He uses the bathroom?
Yes. He's human too.
He's not a fairy. He's a human.
Hey, Gong Ji Won.
- What? Why? - "Why"?
Did you suffer from a belated heat stroke?
You should've told me or asked if it's okay to bring him over.
Would I be flustered or not...
when I opened the door to see him standing there?
We were having dinner anyway. We just needed another seating.
Isn't it great to be able to share a meal?
I thought you were a little more generous.
You may learn to love or hate a person,
but you cherish those you eat with.
That's just nonsense.
He's in my house, in my bathroom,
and I wasn't prepared.
Let's not take life so seriously.
What's the fun in being prepared for every situation?
What are you talking about?
I'm saying I need to prepare mentally.
I need to be psyched up to welcome him.
What? Forget about that.
He crossed the threshold that I cross every day.
We ate at the table that I eat at every day.
We're chatting in the living room where I watch TV.
I never imagined that in my wildest dreams.
Fine.
So what if you imagined it beforehand. What does that change?
After thousands of mental simulations,
I'd be able to deal with any situation perfectly.
Anthony, would you like some coffee?
You don't like coffee.
I have tea. Would you like some?
Anything will do.
With dessert or cookies.
Oh, coffee, tea, dessert, cookies, that's what you meant...
when you talked about plans.
Sa Jin Jin.
Dad.
Why didn't you stay with your mom?
Just because.
Go back inside. You'll catch a cold.
Stop it.
Dad, shall we go over there?
- Is your mom in bed? - Just you and me.
This is a shop-beer stall.
It's a store during the day,
and at night, they sell beer.
It's a new thing, a trend.
They have this in Seoul now,
but it started here in Jeonju in the 80s.
Oh, I see.
It's just my style.
You should have a drink.
Let's have a drink my son pours me.
It tastes great.
The moon's bright too.
Since the moon is bright...
Dad.
I didn't get the job at the bank, car manufacturer,
or import-export company.
I'm great at frying chicken.
I made a pact with your mom.
I'll go on frying chicken without...
giving into any distractions until your sister's married...
and you find a job.
You have Mom and Dad.
I can't believe I'm envious of you.
Dad.
- How about a love shot? - What?
You should stop being so silly.
Come on. Come on.
What for?
Do you like it?
(Streetside Supermarket)
The friends who were at the wedding?
Yes, Ah Reum and Young Shim. We're the Four Bongos.
We rode the same Bongo van.
I see. I'm envious.
I'll walk you to the taxi stand.
Hey, take him home.
It's fine.
- Why... - Go on.
- It's fine. - Seriously?
- Hello. - Hooray.
My goodness.
- Hello. - What's going on?
Thanks for the meal.
What do you like, Jin Jin?
I like what you like.
Let's eat something we both like next time.
Okay.
Don't talk like that about Anthony.
It can't be me.
He deserves...
someone really great.
A woman from a happy family who grew up without hardships.
Someone who can comfort him even when he has a hard time.
That's you, perfectly.
Let's put our hands on our hearts.
You like Anthony...
as a man.
As a man? You mean I like him?
That's why you get so annoyed whenever there's a rumor about him.
Who was that? Yes, Hwang Hye Jung.
You threatened to burn your photos of Anthony.
When he was rumored to date Choi Min Kyung,
you threatened to raid his house.
You even said...
you'd go to prison for him if he ever broke the law.
Love is merciless.
Do you think I'm in love?
- Then what? - A car date or a movie.
It's all fine.
As long as nobody finds out.
I won't accept any scandals or rumors.
How can he date someone in secret?
Why can't he?
I've known him for so many years.
I deserve that much.
Were you being polite when you got a makeover...
each time you went to his concert?
I can do that much for a man...
who worked for months to prepare for a concert.
You once said you wanted to be his sweaty shirt.
Not a shirt that used to stick to his sinewy body?
See, she has a thing for his body.
She likes him for real.
- I do not. - "I do not."
How interesting.
What is?
Jin Jin.
You have no idea. She's hilarious.
She's more a comedienne than an actress.
She could imitate anyone when she was younger.
I laughed until my sides hurt.
You should see her at her best.
There's no escaping her.
I'll be on this live tomorrow.
- As a DJ? - Yes.
[VIU Ver] E16 20th Century Boy & Girl "Death Day"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Yes. Okay.
Stop it.
Okay, okay.
Will you stay the night?
Chul Min.
Do you think I can date someone again?
Of course.
You'll be fine.
You suffered a while.
How refreshing.
Looking sharp.
- Are you going swimming? - Yes.
Then I'll read some scripts I got and go to the signing.
It's in Samseong-dong at 4pm.
I think I'll be done around 6pm.
I'll be home around 6:30. 7pm if there's traffic.
Go ahead.
My car's over there.
Mine's this way.
- Go. - Bye.
Sa Jin Jin.
I'll be home a bit after 8pm.
Let's eat dinner together.
Ah Reum's flying to Guam today.
Young Shim's working on a case.
Just us two.
- Okay. - Okay?
I received your recommendation list.
See anyone you like?
In terms of appraising stock value, in my opinion,
CEO Kim Sung Hoon is the best,
although he cares more about money and fame...
rather than company loyalty.
So, working together for the long term will be a problem.
Yes, that is correct. We haven't got the solution yet.
Every question comes with an answer.
Beg your pardon?
I found the answer to your question,
but you're holding it with your very own hands.
What do you mean by that?
Mr. Gong, why don't you take charge of National Chemicals?
- Hello. - Hi.
You're visiting your mom in hospital?
Yes, so would you mind if...
I met you at the radio station right before you go on air?
The caretaker said she really has to rush home for a bit.
Please?
- What if I don't? - I lose my job.
Later on,
wear this.
Why must I dress up to be on radio?
- There's a live camera. - Oh.
Just a shirt?
You're acting like a celebrity now.
Are you complaining about clothes?
What do you want to wear now?
- Is there a specific brand? - No.
See you later.
What do you want to wear?
We love you.
She's so pretty.
This is great.
(Be mine)
Are you ready?
1, 2, 3.
Hello.
- Thank you. - You're so pretty.
- What's your name? - Kim Hye Ran.
- Hye Ran? - So, my mom...
had a thyroid problem, but she watched your drama...
and laughed a lot. Now, she's cured.
Is she? That's great.
This isn't much. It's mandarin juice.
Made with this year's first harvest from my dad's orchard.
Thank you.
I took an early morning flight from Jeju Island to bring you this.
Thanks so much. I'll enjoy it.
You have to drink it.
Yes, I will.
Thank you.
Take care.
It was so great to meet you.
Jin Jin. Nice to meet you.
This is for you.
- What's your name? - Kim Eun Hye.
- Eun Hye? - Yes.
Jin Jin, you're so beautiful.
Thank you.
She looked suspicious.
She did not. You're overreacting.
I told you last time that I'm a great judge of character.
Everyone else told me not to work with a witch like you,
but I knew right away that you were easy-going.
Are you being nice or mean?
- She's being nice. - Yes.
You're that unpredictable.
Listening to me won't hurt.
Don't drink this.
She said her dad made the juice.
She took the first flight from Jeju Island.
I'll drink it if you'll let me.
No.
It looked good. I wanted some all along.
That looks good.
Great job today. Bye.
- Rest well, Jin Jin. - Goodbye.
What do you want for dinner? I'll cook.
Kimchi fried rice? Fried rice with eggs?
Curry? Instant noodles?
Hey, I'm here. Which floor is it?
The third floor.
- Never mind, I'll be there. - Forget it.
- I'll be there soon. - Something doesn't feel right.
Do you remember...
that one stalker who hid under your bed?
I saw someone who looked like her in the parking lot.
You don't know her face, do you?
Hey, if anyone tries to talk to you,
run as fast as you can.
Don't worry about it. Did you say it was third floor?
I'll be there soon.
Anthony.
I'm a fan of yours. Can I get a picture with you?
Sure.
Let's take it.
I'll do it.
Sa Jin Jin's death day? Then will that brat die today?
(Sikhye)
Just drink it.
- It's fine. - Really?
Give it to me.
Gosh, this tastes like nature.
(Gong Ji Won)
I'm sorry. He just said he was at the parking lot.
He'll be here soon. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Your call cannot be connected.
(Gong Ji Won)
Goodness. Young lady.
Young lady... Hey, Jin Jin!
Jin Jin, what's going on?
Is anyone there?
My goodness, wake up.
Jin Jin!
Mr. Gong, why don't you take charge of National Chemicals?
Ji Won.
- Yes? - What's on your mind?
Why? What's going on?
- I think that's your case. - What?
Your phone.
(Missed calls: Sa Jin Jin)
(Myeongjin Hospital)
Sa Jin Jin. Where's Jin Jin?
I'm her guardian.
She's over there.
(Visitors restricted in the emergency room)
Excuse me, is Sa Jin Jin...
- Is Sa Jin Jin's guardian here? - She's here.
Are you Ms. Sa's guardian?
Yes.
(Children of 20th Century/20th Century Boy & Girl)
Ji Won. How could you never visit me while I'm sick?
I had to move my stuff, and I was busy with work.
I've been so out of it, so I couldn't visit you there.
I'm Jin Jin's guardian.
Didn't you care that you had work to come to?
You like Jin Jin, don't you?
Are you going to give up if your brother likes her too?
If I'm considerate towards her, she might feel awkward.
What are you doing? I told you to stay there.
I was going to be there, so you should've waited.
Why won't you listen to me? Why?